Hello friends, today we are starting this podcast in
which we are going to talk about
why one should become an agent in ICIC LBA
and what will be the benefits of becoming an agent here,
what will be the disadvantages, any kind of
doubts that people have in their mind,
we will try to clear those doubts today
and let me tell you a very clear thing,
think even if you do not work,
your income keeps coming year after year, it
is possible, yes friends, it is possible,
people also join the health insurance business for passive income
and the biggest
example of which today we will talk about what are the
benefits of becoming an agent in IC Lombard, what are the
advantages, whatever doubts there may be,
we will try to clear those doubts completely
through this podcast,
I am Yogendra Verma, Recruitment
Manager, ICC Lombard and with me is
Arjun,
I work in the digital marketing team from Yogendra Sir's team, as a digital
marketer,
so I have Arjun with me who will
coordinate with me, question answer.  do.
I will try to explain everything about your doubts here
and you have to
listen to all the questions carefully and
understand them so that you should not have any doubts
whenever you become a part of this system.
So Arjun, you start first.
What will be today's question?
So sir my first question is
why become a health insurance agent in ICI Lobbard?
Why become one?  Okay, very good, this is a valid
question, you should know because
one of the most trusted companies in India is ICICI Lo LBA and the
claim settlement here is very superior.
People know the name of the company very well.
Their products are mind blowing
and network hospitals are essential
for any health insurance segment.  It has a very good and large network
which is why you should
become a health insurance agent with ICC Labrador.
Okay sir, my second question would be
whether the career in health insurance is really
big in India?   Yes, it
is absolutely very big.  This is a very big
segment.  There are still more than 70% of
people who are underinsured working here.
Underinsured means those who have
less insurance.  3 lakh, 5 lakh, 10
lakh which is not adequate insurance as of today.
And if I talk about the working of this insurance,
it is increasing at the rate of 12 to 15% every
year.  Inflation Normal inflation is
increasing at the rate of 6%.  Medical inflation is
increasing at the rate of 15%.  And this business is
growing at the rate of 15 to 20%.
Due to which the demand
is going to be huge and the work will be huge.  That is why there
is a huge scope in health insurance.
OK sir.  So Sir, my third question is that
many people have doubt whether this
profile is a job or a business?
Good.  This is a very amazing question because
after joining people ask
how much salary they will get?  So let me clear it up for you first.
This is not any kind of job.
Here only commission based
income is available.  No matter how much work you do, you will
not get salary for it.  You will
get only commission.  What is the commission?  There is a commission of 15% to 35%
on selling fresh policies and renewal commission of 15% will also be given every year.
Plus domestic and international
trips will be available.  Plus there are lots of contests
coming your way.  Ok?
OK sir.  So Sir, my fourth question would be that
many people do not have time to do
this.  So is
working available in both part time and full time?  Great,
absolutely Arjun, you asked the right question
because people are working and
want to join this business for extra income.
Some people may be in business.  And there are
some people who are completely freshers or have
left their jobs or business.
Want to start some new journey today.  So let
me clear it for both of you.  This
working is also available on part time basis.
You can join this working along with job, with business and as a full time as a career.
You will earn regularly in both.
You can earn money according to the number of policies you sell.
OK sir.  So my next question is Sir,
what is its eligibility criteria
?  Who can join them
?
Great.  This is very important.  Let me clear it to you.
Here it
is mandatory to pass 12th.  12th education proof will be
mandatory in this.  Whether you are a
graduate or not, it doesn't matter.  Your
qualifications above can be anything.  And three
things are important in this.  You are a
working professional.  You are non-working
, you are a housewife, you are a teacher, you
are an engineer or you are in any job working
, you are in any student
working.  You
must have three things mandatory.  The
qualification I mentioned is 12th mandatory.
Basic KYC documents
are mandatory.  Apart from this there are three things.  You
must have time.  If you do
not have time in your job to learn something extra
, then I am sorry,
this working is not for you.  The second
thing should be your learning attitude.   There
is time but if you do not want to learn then
you will not be able to work for this job.
And the third most important thing is that whatever will be
taught here, training will be given,
each and every thing will be explained in detail, you have to go and
tell it to your people.  Trying to sell the policy.
If you are just giving time
, learning and not talking to people then the
policy will not sell and hence there will be
no earning and there is no shortcut.
These three things should also be present together
and everyone can become an agent.
Ok sir.  You answered my question very well.
Now I would like to know whether there is any age limit in this
?
Yes, there is an age limit because we cannot give
policy advisory work to under mature people.
Our initial
effort is that people between the age of 20 to 65 years can
join this working.
And even people above 65 who are retired
persons have a huge store of knowledge.
They can get this licensing by passing an exam.  They do
n't give less than 20 years because then they don't have the knowledge.   They are a
little bit unmature in their working.
OK sir.  And my second question would be that Sir,
many people like the easy process,
so is its joining process very
complicated?   No, not at all.
This is very simple.
Here for joining process you have to
write to me on WhatsApp ICIC Low LB
Agent.  Like if you write to me as ICIC LB Agent then
you will get a list of
documents from me.  Those will be KYC
documents.  You have to provide your Aadhar card, PAN
card, cancelled cheque, email, email ID,
mobile number, education proof and bank proof.
And after that you have to share your email
ID and mobile number with me on WhatsApp.  You have to
give an alternate number and
pay the exam fee of ₹1000.
If you clear all these things in one go
, then the process becomes very easy and
fast for you.  My team does two
way communication with you, talks
and gives you a video interaction with me.
So I explain all these things to you
in detail that this is not a job.  Commission
is the base earning and only after that we
apply your application and
your exam gets lined up within a week to 10 days.  It is a
very simple and easy process.
Ok sir.  And my next question would be that
Sir, many people have doubts whether they get
training here or they have to learn on their own
?
Great.  Look, we get tremendous training here,
which is why people
join us.  If you directly join the ICC LBA
branch, you will
get one to two trainings there in a month.
But if you join with us
because we have 500 plus agents
already joined and we conduct at least 10 to 15 trainings in a month.
So that
your knowledge reaches the next level.
All training is done through Zoom meetings and Microsoft Teams meetings.  There is
no need to physically go anywhere.  That is why
our platform is very good and
excellent and even if you miss any training for life long,
we also provide its recording
so that you do not miss out on anything.
Okay sir, I would like to know whether
its exam fee is too high
or can you tell me once about its exam fee.   The
exam fee is
fixed by IIT and is ₹1000 for all.  If you have a
life insurance agent or a health
insurance agent, then also it will be necessary to give the exam
and if you are joining this industry for the first time, then
also it will be
necessary to give the exam of ₹1000 and the
fee is fixed for everyone, there is no change in it,
okay sir and my second question again is
regarding the exam that
where is its location, if I
live somewhere else and my location is out of state, then it will
not happen like this,
your
exam comes within the radius of 10 kilometers from where you live, in the radius of 10 to 15 kilometers
and the pattern of the exam is also very
simple.  There are objective type questions and
answers.  You have to score 15 marks out of 50
and there is
no negative marking of any kind.  You will be able to pass the exam easily.
OK sir.   Yes.
Sir, my one more question in this would be
about the earning in this, Sir, I
would like to know what is the monthly earning in
this?
Ok.
Monthly earning is very simple in this.  It is
according to the needs of every person.  How much you will
work, how much you want to earn.   It is
said that if we give you a cheque, you will get a blank cheque.
How much amount would you like to deposit in it
?  Same working here.  If you
are a beginner then you can easily earn at least Rs 10,000 to Rs 300,
25,000.  If you are an
active agent, work a little harder
, sell more policies, then you
can earn ₹00 to ₹1 lakh per month.  If you
are a senior agent, an experienced agent, then there is
no limit for you.  You can
earn as much as you want.
OK sir.  So my last question Sir will be that what is so
special about ITI Lob Health Insurance that agents should join it
?  If I talk about Great Khas, there are
many.  Let me start with number one.
Strong brand recognition which is very
important.  There should be a brand
which does not have any problem in selling.  Second,
fast claim support.  Claim settlement
is hassle free.  Your customer will not even know
when the claim is passed.
Claim processing is so fast.  Number three good
hospital network.  There are
all kinds of good, big, small and big hospitals in the network.
Due to which hassle free, tension
free claim is passed here.  Marketing
Friendly Products There are such marketing
friendly products whose branding
you will already get.  You
will just mention the name of the product.  People will be
ready to take the policy upfront.  Number
five: Long term renewal is amazing.
You can also sell three-year policies and
your customers will continue with you
because once a customer
experiences a claim here,
he does not change the ICICI LBD policy for the rest of his life.
Therefore, that renewal income will keep
coming to you life long.  You will continue to earn 15% on renewal.
These are some four-five punches from Powers
which can be very useful and good for you.
So friends, today
through this podcast you understood what benefits you can get by
taking a health insurance agency in ICICI LBD.
Arjun and I
cleared all your doubts and if anyone still feels that
something is left or you want to join
us and work as an agent in ICIC LBD, then
you have to write on WhatsApp
ICIC LBA Agent and I will
genuinely help you and
show you the way forward.  Hello thanks.  Thank
you so much.